Hello and welcome to this introduction to Krabby.
Krabby is a Kakoune-inspired browser extension using a selection-driven browsing method.
I will try to give you a first look at how it works, assuming basic vi knowledge.
As in vi, you can move around using the home row keys — j, k,
follow a link with f,
yank a page with y.
Notice at the right-bottom of the page the context in which commands are executed.
When you focus a page document,
select a link,
click a text input,
a video…
For example, y will yank the page address,
but if I select a link, it will yank the link address.
As you can see, Krabby reverses the vi bindings (action, object) to (selection, action),
and it gives us two advantages:
First, we can directly see if the selection is not what we wanted.
Secondly, we have access to a much more expressive selection language.
Another particular feature of Krabby is its support for, and emphasis towards, the use of multiple selections.
One way to get multi-selection is with the s command to create a selection out of the active element,
Alt + a to expand the region,
followed by Alt + I to select the links.
Once you are done with your multiple selections,
the Space command allows you to discard them and keep only the active element.
Lets take a look at a few examples.
As you can see, multiple selections provide us with a very expressive and concise way of accessing web content.
Besides selections, Krabby provides some other nice features.
That’s it for this introduction to Krabby,
I hope you enjoyed it.
If you have any questions, do not hesitate to come to our IRC channel #krabby on freenode.